profile/README.md, before:

# Godot Engine Community SDK Integrations

Centralized hosting for community-maintained Godot SDK integrations.

> [!TIP]
> [Jump to the list of Godot SDKs!](#list-of-godot-sdk-integrations)

The [Godot Foundation](https://godot.foundation/) provides this space to help
centralize community efforts to support third-party SDKs, and does not
develop or maintain these SDKs.

The Foundation does not assume any responsibility, liability, endorsement, or
support for the SDKs provided and maintained by the community.

See the announcement of the [Godot Engine Community SDK Integrations](https://godotengine.org/article/godot-engine-community-sdk-integrations)
project for details on the purpose and scope of this project.

## Maintenance

As the Godot Foundation does not assume maintenance of these SDKs, it is up
to the community to organize itself to develop and update SDKs for the
third-party services that they want to use.

We encourage all SDK developers to include a `MAINTAINERS.md` file in their
repository including contact information for the active maintainer(s).

We recommend gathering at least 2 or 3 co-maintainers per project to ensure
that there is always someone available to review, merge, and release
contributions for the community, as well as evaluate potential new
maintainers to add for spreading the workload.

## What SDKs are hosted here?

This project aims to be a repository of community-maintained SDK integrations
for Godot, notably hosting projects on behalf of developers who wish to join
forces with other community members to keep SDKs up-to-date.

Being hosted under this GitHub organization is not a requirement for Godot
SDKs, and third-party vendors are encouraged to host their official Godot
SDKs themselves, to show their commitment to supporting their customers.

In order to serve as a reference for the Godot community, the following list
also includes SDKs hosted outside this organization.

## How to participate

Would you like to help maintain a specific Godot SDK, transfer an existing
SDK to this organization, or volunteer to help the Godot Foundation organize
the Godot SDK Integrations organization itself?

Join the [`#sdk-integrations`](https://chat.godotengine.org/channel/sdk-integrations)
channel on the [Godot Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org/)!

## List of Godot SDK integrations

> [!NOTE]
> This list is a work-in-progress, as the SDK integrations project was just
> started and will need time to welcome new projects.

### Platforms

#### Android

- [Google Play Billing](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-google-play-billing)
- [Google Play Game Services](https://github.com/Iakobs/godot-play-game-services) (external)

#### iOS

- [Apple Push Notifications (APN)](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/apn)
- [ARKit](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/arkit)
- [Camera](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/camera)
- [GameCenter](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/gamecenter)
- [iCloud](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/icloud)
- [InAppStore](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/inappstore)
- [PhotoPicker](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/photo_picker)

### Audio

- [FMOD](https://github.com/utopia-rise/fmod-gdextension) (external)
- [Wwise](https://github.com/alessandrofama/wwise-godot-integration) (external)

### Backend

- [Azure PlayFab](https://github.com/Structed/godot-playfab) (external)
- [Google Firebase](https://github.com/GodotNuts/GodotFirebase) (external)

### Stores

- [Steam (GodotSteam)](https://github.com/GodotSteam/GodotSteam) (external)

Commit message:

Fix link to announcement, add external AdMob
Fixes #1.

profile/README.md, after:

# Godot Engine Community SDK Integrations

Centralized hosting for community-maintained Godot SDK integrations.

> [!TIP]
> [Jump to the list of Godot SDKs!](#list-of-godot-sdk-integrations)

The [Godot Foundation](https://godot.foundation/) provides this space to help
centralize community efforts to support third-party SDKs, and does not
develop or maintain these SDKs.

The Foundation does not assume any responsibility, liability, endorsement, or
support for the SDKs provided and maintained by the community.

See the announcement of the [Godot Engine Community SDK Integrations](https://godotengine.org/article/godot-sdk-integrations/)
project for details on the purpose and scope of this project.

## Maintenance

As the Godot Foundation does not assume maintenance of these SDKs, it is up
to the community to organize itself to develop and update SDKs for the
third-party services that they want to use.

We encourage all SDK developers to include a `MAINTAINERS.md` file in their
repository including contact information for the active maintainer(s).

We recommend gathering at least 2 or 3 co-maintainers per project to ensure
that there is always someone available to review, merge, and release
contributions for the community, as well as evaluate potential new
maintainers to add for spreading the workload.

## What SDKs are hosted here?

This project aims to be a repository of community-maintained SDK integrations
for Godot, notably hosting projects on behalf of developers who wish to join
forces with other community members to keep SDKs up-to-date.

Being hosted under this GitHub organization is not a requirement for Godot
SDKs, and third-party vendors are encouraged to host their official Godot
SDKs themselves, to show their commitment to supporting their customers.

In order to serve as a reference for the Godot community, the following list
also includes SDKs hosted outside this organization.

## How to participate

Would you like to help maintain a specific Godot SDK, transfer an existing
SDK to this organization, or volunteer to help the Godot Foundation organize
the Godot SDK Integrations organization itself?

Join the [`#sdk-integrations`](https://chat.godotengine.org/channel/sdk-integrations)
channel on the [Godot Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org/)!

## List of Godot SDK integrations

> [!NOTE]
> This list is a work-in-progress, as the SDK integrations project was just
> started and will need time to welcome new projects.

### Platforms

#### Android

- [Google Play Billing](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-google-play-billing)
- [Google Play Game Services](https://github.com/Iakobs/godot-play-game-services) (external)

#### iOS

- [Apple Push Notifications (APN)](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/apn)
- [ARKit](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/arkit)
- [Camera](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/camera)
- [GameCenter](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/gamecenter)
- [iCloud](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/icloud)
- [InAppStore](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/inappstore)
- [PhotoPicker](https://github.com/godot-sdk-integrations/godot-ios-plugins/tree/master/plugins/photo_picker)

### Audio

- [FMOD](https://github.com/utopia-rise/fmod-gdextension) (external)
- [Wwise](https://github.com/alessandrofama/wwise-godot-integration) (external)

### Backend

- [Azure PlayFab](https://github.com/Structed/godot-playfab) (external)
- [Google Firebase](https://github.com/GodotNuts/GodotFirebase) (external)

### Monetization

- [Google AdMob](https://github.com/poingstudios/godot-admob-plugin) (external)

### Stores

- [Steam (GodotSteam)](https://github.com/GodotSteam/GodotSteam) (external)
